[Music]
a wagon of a mechanical game called the
himalayas installed at the fair and
border exhibition of new laredo
Tamaulipas derailed hours later
of having opened the expomex leaving
as balance three injured minors
the cart flew three meters away
distance and it was totally destroyed
and it increased both the speed that one
of the trolleys because it went off and
obviously when it fell, it turned out
injured three people are not in
danger his life however yes yes
they got injured is a very situation
sorry I did not want that I saw the news
Let 's go digital in above us
I'm scared I have my granddaughter that went up
4 year old loves it
not under the blood according to the authorities
the incident was the fault of the operator of the
mechanical game because it exceeded the speed
allowed and immediately it was given to the
escape here, unfortunately, then the
negligence of the operator and also so
that this one wanted to stop him and this
person went well achieved internally
we have been able to locate it and therefore good
this kind of situations then of all
modes the owner of the games be
responsible has insurance and is
taking care of expenses as a result of
this civil protection personnel was given
to the task of supervising the more than 50
mechanical games that are in the fair without
However, people believe that this
incident also has to do with the
antiquity of the games although the
authorities say otherwise municipality
you must take out those games when they arrive
let's get installed but review
I do not know who would control this because
if I'm seeing that the wood if it's
well rotten I attended but
and in fact this went down to my husband and
my granddaughter because I can not find the other one of this
same not then we are talking about that
is the best games that are in
the country remembering with the games
first very first they are done in
italy most of them then they go
to the us and they are going to Mexico and I wanted him in
Central America is the life cycle of
all rides the area
game is cordoned off and suspended
indefinitely it was also reported that
the owner of this mechanical game will be
sanctioned by civil protection
economically but they did not disclose
the figure with images of aldo martínez
for rn news is exhausted
[Music]